Update docs to match `0 init` workflow (#267)
layer0-docs/layer0-docs: guides/routing.md

- Configure multiple destinations for split testing

## Configuration

> You define routes for {{ PACKAGE_NAME }} using the `routes.js` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You define routes for {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} using the `routes.js` file.
```

> - For an existing project where you have already run `@layer0/cli@latest init`, the file already exists at the route of your project; modify the it as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For an existing project where you have already run `0 init`, the file already exists at the root of your project; modify the file as needed.
```

- If you have not already run `@layer0/cli@latest init` (see [WebApp CDN](/guides/webapp_cdn_getting_started) ), the file does not exist; create and edit it as follows.

To define routes for {{ PRODUCT_NAME }}, create a `routes.js` file in the root of your project. You can override the default path to the router by setting the `routes` key in `{{ CONFIG_FILE }}`.

> 

Reviewer: The wording around this is not accurate. We shouldn't be telling the user to manually create a `routes.ts` file. Instead, instructions should either be added here on the process for running `init` or a link with wording that directs them to the getting started sections that explains the init process and how to run it.

Author: @tristanlee85 Thanks. Please confirm the following:

In the `Configuration` section I will change the content so it reads as follows:

`You define routes for @layer0 using the routes.js file.

Before continuing, create your Layer0 project using instructions in _<insert reference to "Create a New Layer0 Project" section in webapp_cdn_getting_started.md_>. You can override the default path to the router by setting the routes key in layer0.config.js.

The routes.js file should export an instance of @layer0/core/router/Router:`

Does that sound right?

Reviewer: > **You define routes for{{ PRODUCT_NAME }} using the routes.js file.
> 
> Before continuing, if you have not already initialized your project with {{ PRODUCT_NAME }}, refer to these instructions in <insert reference to "Create a New Layer0 Project" section in webapp_cdn_getting_started.md>.
> 
> The routes.js file should export an instance of @layer0/core/router/Router:**
